after the success of the fusca volkswagen launched the corinthians conquering the
same addictive structure but with a more sporty aspect
with its exclusive design signed by the Italian mediaset ordered should it
was presented to the Brazilian public at the 1962 motor show
and soon conquered countless fans
cattle were practically the same as those manufactured in Germany since 1955 with
small changes in bodanski fenders for young people
the events are bernardo a few
those of the first unit of the volkswagen of Brazil were found days were mounted
craftsmanship and subsequently set up a
he was 76 fourteen years of 24 thousand units later
volkswagen decided to stop sugarcane production
thanks to the fans
how carlos alberto
it is still possible to see some examples of national sports circuits
can see in perfect conditions
he is one of the most popular couples of antigomobilismo
three teams of the highlights are 16 dead was bought by the city case
he had already suffered two other seasons
a week before
gm have come a long time in the economy
I decided to do so a portion when I decided to do a proven adaptation
I drove the car, I decided to change color when I started getting worse.
but it's something I like
sock went to perfectionist
getting to write by hand
here in Brazil the paraná quarter zone was to bring the closing of schools
in early 2005
he decided to radicalize small sports division
the car has been completely dismantled
and after he and his team developed the whole life of the hopper
was made
Carlos was in doubt about the possibility of choosing for his
radical project
the idea is to be a question if carol is bigger
yellow on Wednesday
papa doc natália
there in the last hours talking that it was to hire a study presented in the dish
or black
first we were not going
however in the new budget recording projac
ps eventually got to know human as concerned about the
with resolute the ocde noted that public bodies such as the tone
very berlusconi
- I think it has to be this way.
inside the car on sunny days could become a problem
since they did their homework
with locomotion difficulties cases decided to adapt in this position
and it is amazing to see how they master the technique to deal with
mixed system that she sang herself developed
the driver and nine thousand and 500 displacements
hardly exceeds 120 kilometers per hour
so cardozo seasoning with the player per action and a series of details that
made the sport the much more aggressive air
with the proven integral hubs conceals the rimmed wheels 15 in
tires on day one 7 5 to -5 15
the front grids were redone and they won the price of corn
the original model was equipped with green stone
those that were removed in your consolidation
already the banking sector ready
penultimate proof I had when it was with national projects and a problem of
box and when I walked alone with nothing to carry
to replace them
Carlos needed to import the empirical data from the 5 debt kits
used in principle did not fit and
about the idea
This money here understood with the present in 41 - I do not know I
I have three Brazilians in Japan.
most of the finishing details such as pedals and instrument
brand panel to another level
the dem is a field
were also reported
the interior was fully designed by him who with his employees
replaced the old stuffing with an exclusive dress
with green leather lining
to fit the power of the mechanical assembly the car received a system of
four wheel disc brake
quoted to dispute the government
I put my proof
they no longer had a pop
Minissalão could be the distributor in the accident.
we will see
bars and cafes and even the calories the position of ceo of the GM
I made the details very well resolved
it is impossible to find someone who has been out of place
hey life accentuating will make a retro model that we move our
attitude to hamburg
with the new store bath
the small car in day can walk through the streets of rio de janeiro 'was
a terrible loss of this national way
so basically being here
all his cock
the national thanks to God
but inside it little gods
marquin author that the west not only can
all the time